[Cropper] Always apply rotation in `Crop::getCroppedImage()` and `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail()` (#3433)
symfony/ux: src/Cropperjs/CHANGELOG.md

- Minimum required Symfony version is now 6.4
- Minimum required PHP version is now 8.2

> - The `Crop::getCroppedImage()` and `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail()` functions now apply rotation according to provided option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Crop::getCroppedImage()` and `Crop::getCroppedThumbnail()` functions now always apply rotation
```
